Improve docs: Add CLI and PackageEntry documentation (#1493)
quiltdata/quilt: docs/API Reference/Package.md

* __dest__:  where to copy the objects in the package
* __registry__:  registry where to create the new package
* __message__:  the commit message for the new package

> * __selector_fn__:  A filter function that determines which package entries should be pushed. The function takes

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* __selector_fn__:  An optional lambda function that determines which package entries should be copied to S3,
and which should not. The function takes
```
